# Functional Requirements 

1.) Sales Page :
              Sales page is required to display and buy all the art which is for sale. There should be an option to select the required art piece and it's quantity.
2.) Code Requirement :
              All the coding should be accessible to the website owner and it should be commented properly. Code should be maintainable.
3.) Collection Page :
              Collection page is required to display collection of art pieces. The art pieces can be removed as well as updated with time in this page.
4.) Authentication:
              There should be a login and logout option so that website can validate the users and users can exit the website safely. This will prevent accessing of each others payment methods.
5.) Feedback :
              The system must allow the user to submit feedback through a contact form.
6.) Payment :
              The system is required to accept multi payment methods such as credit cards and online banking services, PayPal.
7.) Account Page :
              The account page is required to display past purchases and user information.
8.) Bug-free :
              The system should be tested for bugs and then repaired prior to launch.
9.) Cross-browser functionality :
              The system should perform identically across all popular browsers.
              
Non-functional Requirements 

1.) User Friendly :
               The website should have user friendly features. It should have easy access, simple functions and interactive design.
2.) Background of the website :
               There should an art piece image at the background of the website and the theme of the website should be dark.
3.) Time requirements :
               Once clicked on an icon, the result should be accessed as fast as possible. For example, when sales page is clicked, sales page should open in less than a minute.
4.) Manageability :
               The system shall be easy to monitor and manage by administrators. such as updating available items keeping track of orders and transactions
5.) Security :
               The system shall protect the data against malware attacks. i.e. adding errors handlers to prevent database injection
6.) Eye-catching :
               The website should be eye-catching to increase attention and generate more sales.

